Hey, good day, everyone.
Today, I would like you to try out.
New hand movement that will actually connect your brain and your hands.
If you can move your hand according to this movement, that means you are exercising your brain as well.
So before we begin.
Give you some ideas about the sign that I'm using.
This one is what I call sign.
All right.
This had.
So let's.
Full time and.
Okay.
Good.
Ooh.
Okay.
You can do it slower.
You can be faster if you.
You can do this movement faster.
If your mom gets out.
If you don't think you have enough, you can continue watching this session.
Now let's not with our more challenging work.
All right.
So let's start one hand with the good side and the other hand with the okay side.
And we are going to change it the other way around.
All right?
So this can change the good and this and change to.
Okay.
And then we are going to change it again.
This law.
So.
Some of you may find that at this juncture it is quite challenging for you.
It's okay.
Just practice to get it right.
Look.
And again, you can do it at a faster more.
Now let's get into an even more challenging task by adding a clap in between the hand movements.
All right.
So let's begin with the hand.
This way.
Clap.
Change.
Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap.
Change, Change.
Change.
Change, change.
Now try to do it faster.
I hope you will always tell yourself I am good.
I am okay.
Always start your day with positive affirmation.
I hope to see you in my next video.
I.